oh goodness yes it's quite a mess
yes it is things doing up here
oh I wasn't using them anymore should
probably just get rid of it all have you
looked in father's old desk I honestly
can't remember why we kept most of this
stuff to begin with I mean why on earth
did we save this old broken thing don't
you remember that kite we used to love
flying that with mother and father
well it won't fly anymore out it goes no
looking back
[Music]
you need to be more careful when the
wind rises George you nearly lost your
kite and you too nearly lost your
Georgie he might have got away
completely had I not been holding on to
the other end of that string my goodness
Annabelle have you done to your clothes
you could grow a garden it that much
soil and John yes just as filthy how do
you know our names because she's Mary
Poppins of course
may I show you look lovely as always do
you really think so nice to see you Jeff
good to see you too Mary Poppins
[Music]
whatever you talking about where did you
get that kite I found in the box
MARY POPPINS
excuse your mouth please Michael we are
still not a codfish gene banks still
rather inclined to giggle I see good
heavens
it really is you you seem hardly to have
aged at all really how incredibly rude
one never discusses a woman's age
Michael would have hoped I taught you
better
I'm sorry I didn't came back I thought
we'd never see you again it's wonderful
to see you yes it is isn't it
I suspect and I never incorrect that
you're far too old to give in to
imagination some people like to splash
can you imagine that and take a seaside
holiday can you imagine that
too much Glee leaves rings around the
brain to take that joy and send it down
the drain some people like to laugh at
life and giggle
the world's a brand new shiny toy and if
while dreaming in the clouds they called
and Joker splat although they're down
and bent in half paper rush ride off and
start to lock in you
[Music]
oh dear look so they broken your
carriage wheel it's useless now useless
is a chocolate teapot the bone is
speaking and who do we think has got to
fix that ah there's the riddle then what
broke it fixes it that's what I say what
do you think Mary Poppins well I suppose
we have no choice but how are we going
to do that I know a bit about fixing
carriages but we can't fix the carriage
wheel it isn't possible everything is
possible even the impossible
gather round everyone spit-spot Georgie
don't forget Gilly are we ready
ready
[Music]
but some mares Cubs and O's welcome to
our she'll have shows it is my great
honor to introduce this evening's
renowned guest the one the only Mary
Poppins
[Applause]
[Music]
I knew I couldn't possibly d-flat major
there's so much in store inside the door
on 17 Cherry Tree night
troubles are in seconds simply be more
than confession for your life comes with
my life
[Music]
I received a call from Rob Marshall and
he left a very ceremonious quite charged
voicemail on my phone saying I had to
call him I was like oh god what is it
and he pitched me the idea of doing was
sequel to Mary Poppins and they wanted
to do it with me so I was blown away by
the whole idea of it Mary Poppins was
what opened my mind up in the world up
to movies and magic and music so doing a
sequel to Mary Poppins you know the
first thing you think is gulp but then
you realize that there were eight books
altogether there was a real sense that
there's so much more story to be told
it's really exciting I mean the chance
to explore that world even more in this
new original story with incredible
enchanting original music still what it
was pretty clear there was no one else
that could play this role as brilliantly
as Emily Blunt
well brings you here after all this time
the same thing that brought me the first
time I've come to look after the banks
children oh yes you too
it's so wonderful the soul of the movie
it's about the power of the imagination
it was a real sense that we're part of
something very special we all cared so
deeply about the project because this is
a film with great hope and spectacle and
it's moving so I think it's a very
important film to be making right now
are we ready ready
MARY POPPINS returned the mundane into
something magical how do you do that do
what she is so enigmatic indeed and
battery and funny do you really think so
these things don't bill is so delightful
to play
this is the next chapter Louie and was
swept away by the kind of joy she
infused into these children's lives take
your places everyone
are you sure this is quite safe no slide
is ready
there's a comforting feeling with Mary
Poppins that she just flies in
makes it right together
[Music]
combination of magic and reassurance
it's been the thing that's really who
she is selectively perfect in every way
[Music]
it's my great honor to introduce
seedlings renowned guests
the one day only MARY POPPINS
MARY POPPINS returns really is the next
chapter the first film is a classic one
of Disney's most prized possessions that
character impacted people in such a big
way and this film is not a remake of
Mary Poppins which i think is an
impossible thing but a sequel holding
Jack our film is set 25 years after the
first film the banks children are now
grown up and Michael Banks has three
children of his own and times are hard
in London and Michael Biz in danger of
losing his home in comes Mary Poppins to
take care of the banks family again well
brings you here after all this time same
thing that brought me the first time I
have come to look after the banks
children ah oh yes you too Emily Blunt
is the perfect Mary Poppins there would
be no film without her it is a part
she's born to play she's got a great
sense of comic timing no pish posh
she's just practically perfect in every
way it's wonderful to see you yes it is
isn't it
well I mean the scale is it is huge I've
never done a film on this scale before
the entire creative team have really
taken painstaking measures to evoke that
sense of childlike joy and Wonder that's
the thing about this movie there's so
much color and exuberant don't we all
need to be reminded of magic and light
we all need that we all need a Mary
Poppins in our life this experience will
always hold a special place in my life
because this is a film with great hope
and spectacle and it's moving so I think
it's a very important film to be making
right now everyone are you sure this is
quite sick those are the swatches ready
I play a character named Topsy who is an
eccentric who runs a Fixit shop who can
fix anything I can fix anything
Topsy and Mary Poppins have a very
colorful relationship which was really
fun to play this is my Kazakh second
casimir I would love to work with her on
everything Topsy is a woman whose world
is turned upside down every second
Wednesday month
[Music]
the disorientation of that it's just a
great metaphor for life the world turns
upside down the best thing is to turn
right along with it
massive it's just won't credible
thinking about it let's say you're lost
in a park sure we've been preparing
December for over a year you can give in
to the dark all it required everything
of everyone you can trip a little light
fantastic with me a little light
fantastic huge dance number with like 50
dances lamplighters are this magic
presence bringing light into the
darkness we breeded this amazing musical
number using their tools of the trade
lampposts bikes and pyro and ladders the
fountain it takes ordinary life and
turns it into something special
MARY POPPINS is the key to that
my first day of rehearsal when I first
spun around the lamppost and went how my
cupids I practiced for weeks dancing
singing the best BMX riders in Europe to
do tricks the most dancing they do it a
hundred and ten percent
you genuinely feel like you've walked
into another world we were having the
time of our lives to remember it got
bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger
[Music]
told you to watch that's great
[Applause]
[Music]
very puppets it is wonderful to see you
yesterday isn't it
[Music]
it's been a difficult year for our
family everything's fallen to pieces
since your mother famous we know that
[Music]
never lose my way I just look
MARY POPPINS what brings in the air
after all this time we've come to look
after the bank's children oh yes you too
it's a good thing you come along when
you did Mary Poppins
[Music]
with my lifetime guarantee you are
talking about everything is possible if
it be impossible
[Music]
it is nice MARY POPPINS return rated PG
mary poppins who came back I've come to
look after the banks children yes you
too
we don't need a nanny we have burned up
a good deal in the past year we would
have to see what can be done about that
no not yet
some people like to splash and play can
you imagine that
did she do that one thing you should
know about Mary Poppins she never
explains anything
[Music]
everything is possible
it'll be impossible sure this is quite
safe making slightest ready
Disney's Mary Poppins returns with a PG
[Music]
I honestly can't remember why we kept
most of this stuff to begin with we used
to love frying that with mother and
father those days are long behind me
[Music]
- break
MARY POPPINS you came back you seemed
hardly to have aged at all really
one never discusses a woman's age
Michael would have hoped I taught you
better
[Music]
what brings you here after all this time
same thing that brought me the first
time I've come to look after the banks
children ah oh yes you too
we're about to lose our home who things
falling to pieces since your mother
famous mother
nothing's gone forever only out of place
it's good thing you come along when you
did Mary Poppins
ha do what
[Music]
so you've been off filling the
children's heads with stuff and nonsense
you forgot what it's like to be a child
[Music]
everything is possible if it be
impossible
[Music]
freak out